# UDP Socket example
The following example is meant for low latency server-client communication between programs on a local machine. This was developed for a project needing multiple python "sub" programs working separately and communicating their results to a single "main" program. Latency between message sending and recieving is effectively limited only by the buffer delay specified in the "select.select" function call in the message receiving thread. This has been tested and shown consistent latency between 0-0.1 ms for a buffer delay of 0.1 ms. 

To use, simply open two command windows in the main folder. In the first command window, launch the "mainProgram.py" script. It will start listening for messages on "localhost" port 12346 for the next 10 seconds. In the second command window, launch the "subProgram.py" script. It will send a single message to the main program containing the string "test" and a time-stamp and will wait for confirmation. The main program will recieve this message and add it to it's message queue before sending a confirmation reply to the sub program. The main program will then, on a separate thread, read the message contents and print the message and latency information to the console.

UDP does not allow for message multiple messages in queue on the recieving socket. This means that if we're processing the first message and two more come in before we check the socket again, then the second message is overwritten by the third. This is mitigated by immediately reading the socket's contents into a shared memory queue on one thread, and then having a separate parallel thread reading the messages as it is able. This allows for multiple unread messages to pile up in this shared memory queue without being overwritten.

This is assuming that multiple "sub" programs are simultaneously sending messages to the "main" program on this single socket. Message pile-up would be much less of an issue if using separate sockets for each "sub" program, however this could increase complexity as the number of "sub" programs scales. 
